hi guys'm bonus today I will show
for you a method of how to make curls
in da billings on wearing fringe
running out of floor is that the product is already
Good when I said my hair is already
Curly so I've already done a method, okay ?
I like to do this step by step before
to reveal when in the daytime
Next my hair was not there anymore.
said that water your whole
procedure
so I'm ashamed to do this
it is to wake up the way he doubts
say even more wavier're beautiful
However, the continuum of a sock is the
normal, you'll just have to do it
so you'll have to cut the bingo in the
half where your finger out of many
quota that for her to stay all the garrison
you have to sell your own call
make that coke that's the one we're going to 500
who see cosmetic okay but 6 also
It's a great choice and I liked rock and
a top friend is then the first
What you're going to do is twist this
half an hour to the decon in the 500 is nothing
It's only okay here, it's ok now.
re sell your hair is when it is in
day to day I have my hair is when
I want to put it on before you leave.
I did not get so high but before
sleep I recommend you to dump more
high not to disturb his death from
Fire, right?
leaves not always perfect neither I nor
gum coke but always with rain snow and
it works
there you have it too, you can use this
donut to make a coke of your own
Listening to us, it's kind of tangled up now.
very easy it kind takes a while to
learn more the same day I learned
so I'll put here to 6 against
in the book in the hair was bringing
Good to stay low
I'm going to get this bridge in my hair and I'm going
put my back in the middle
they will continue like this and now I'm going to eat
two hands reach all shame for
Pleasure and you're pulling it here 6
outside and at the same time with the
Is the thumb pushing the hair inside?
then when it reaches higher up you've read
here over your head to be more
Easy first expertise
Then you do the same thing by placing
hair in and pulling the 6
if you buy a glass of acai berry you have to
stay perfect but the more the student
You do not need you will then only presence
it's justin roberta if you go back there
you will have a great place to here
be all Justinho
but when you want it because
You can do this, let's think a lot
People mean if I thought of the family.
Rabbit explaining what it was
very well done and did not make a great video
and the video of who explained is to amaze
let your hair curl down here
also invitation learning my hair
do not need a clamp or put another
call and even good that you do not run because
You can mark lots of hair, and wake up.
even looking mean
So you sleep, another one, I'm going to leave you.
come back like this an hour two hours before there
still depends also on the type of
head took a lot of son there how
You spend more time with your face and
It's okay , I'd kill one.
a little bit of time with her I
I liked it, I already voted because it does not change much
in my hair but straight hair
really changes nothing is good then it is
they counted it ten minutes later.
minutes
I 'll have it ready, people have passed.
some do not wait too long because
I'll tell you the table does not change.
a lot of things I would like to stay here
only to sleep that keep the shape
So you already know routine and
show how you doing is taking mom
you will put it out to 6
time to make much progress
it stays like this is the most wavy effect
knows he 's made one more of the side of the
coffin to because even hard to find a
hair is good means so much that it gives
a more natural effect plus one of a
side is the friend of mine she cost you
I said go to work and smooth
So, it was very beautiful when she goes.
to do very well in the hair I go
Calling you is a video that is dilma
There's only hair on the day's talk.
to do is smooth hair and not
I thought it was necessary at the end of the year.
that was it
I hope you have enjoyed it I hope
you have learned to good if you
Like and identify yourself I did not like it
me a kiss and see you later but I do not see